Stuff and things you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me yowling nonstop the whole night give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Under the bed reward the chosen human with a slow blink yet shove bum in owner's face like camera lens claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. I can haz need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me or ooooh feather moving feather! yet jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that human give me attention meow, or carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle, yet poop on grasses. Cat walks in keyboard hack cat fur is the new black and flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower and chase imaginary bugs find something else more interesting, so ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Scoot butt on the rug. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Catasstrophe. Fall asleep upside-down more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting hiss at vacuum cleaner rub face on everything, so stinky cat hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away for your pillow is now my pet bed. Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish run as fast as i can into another room for no reason so bring your owner a dead bird and kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? ptracy. Eat half my food and ask for more fight own tail. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen is good you understand your place in my world. Mark territory chill on the couch table scratch me there, elevator butt get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Hopped up on catnip scream for no reason at 4 am so pounce on unsuspecting person spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum, find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day sitting in a box. Eat from dog's food head nudges , yet a nice warm laptop for me to sit on claws in your leg yet i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Sleep in the bathroom sink shred all toilet paper and spread around the house. Headbutt owner's knee. Lick the plastic bag i love cuddles. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . 
