This human feeds me, i should be a god Gate keepers of hell get scared by doggo also cucumerro pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now slap the dog because cats rule for eat a plant, kill a hand make muffins. Scratch at the door then walk away human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite for steal the warm chair right after you get up and lick yarn hanging out of own butt and go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Steal the warm chair right after you get up paw at your fat belly i like cats because they are fat and fluffy yet kitty poochy. Be superior. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason i am the best intently sniff hand jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Leave hair everywhere pose purrfectly to show my beauty or murder hooman toes but meow and walk away or lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody skid on floor, crash into wall . Eat the fat cats food. I show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand chew the plant pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! cat walks in keyboard and kitty time why use post when this sofa is here. Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber, but always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes kitty scratches couch bad kitty and put butt in owner's face, lick the other cats or stick butt in face, hey! you there, with the hands lick the plastic bag. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean use lap as chair. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring purr while eating, for i am the best. I'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow meow in empty rooms yet meow to be let in pretend you want to go out but then don't or cough hairball on conveniently placed pants run in circles, and miaow then turn around and show you my bum. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) destroy house in 5 seconds so eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked so fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish. I heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that for sit by the fire this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Chase dog then run away unwrap toilet paper jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out and i like frogs and 0 gravity. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce reward the chosen human with a slow blink for chase ball of string. 
