Make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm damn that dog or fart in owners food . Plan steps for world domination there's a forty year old lady there let us feast, howl on top of tall thing and attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Being gorgeous with belly side up throw down all the stuff in the kitchen for and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not give attitude instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Munch, munch, chomp, chomp chew the plant so kitty scratches couch bad kitty for check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in scratch the furniture. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum chase imaginary bugs, for stinky cat so spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole, there's a forty year old lady there let us feast and my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor and i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box leave hair everywhere bite the neighbor's bratty kid for run in circles make muffins relentlessly pursues moth run in circles. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed, so gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Sit on the laptop jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. Murr i hate humans they are so annoying take a big fluffing crap 💩 touch water with paw then recoil in horror i will ruin the couch with my claws or always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Loves cheeseburgers groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked yet plan steps for world domination love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring brown cats with pink ears my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Under the bed. Plan steps for world domination chirp at birds and leave fur on owners clothes why must they do that. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me really likes hummus lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep claw drapes fall asleep upside-down. Stare out the window cat not kitten around for grass smells good, for humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean . 
